site/content/_index.md, before:

---
title: "Great coffee with a conscience"
subtitle: Support sustainable farming while enjoying a cup
image: /img/home-jumbotron.jpg
blurb:
    heading: Why Kaldi?
    text: "Kaldi is the coffee store for everyone who believes that great coffee shouldn't just taste good, it should do good too. We source all of our beans directly from small scale sustainable farmers and make sure part of the profits are reinvested in their communities."
intro:
    heading: "What we offer"
    text: "Kaldi is the ultimate spot for coffee lovers who want to learn about their java’s origin and support the farmers that grew it. We take coffee production, roasting and brewing seriously and we’re glad to pass that knowledge to anyone."
products:
    - image: img/illustrations-coffee.svg
      text: "We sell green and roasted coffee beans that are sourced directly from independent farmers and farm cooperatives. We’re proud to offer a variety of coffee beans grown with great care for the environment and local communities. Check our post or contact us directly for current availability."
    - image: /img/illustrations-coffee-gear.svg
      text: "We offer a small, but carefully curated selection of brewing gear and tools for every taste and experience level. No matter if you roast your own beans or just bought your first french press, you’ll find a gadget to fall in love with in our shop."
values:
    heading: Our values
    text: Coffee is an amazing part of human culture but it has a dark side too – one of colonialism and mindless abuse of natural resources and human lives. We want to turn this around and return the coffee trade to the drink’s exhilarating, empowering and unifying nature.
---

Commit message:

Modifies homepage, contact and creates syllabus and expectations folders

site/content/_index.md, after:

---
title: "Front-End Web Development"
subtitle: A part-time joint from General Assembly
image: /img/coding.jpg
blurb:
    heading: Welcome to FEWD Chicago!
    text: "Maybe you are looking for a career change. Maybe you want to level-up in your current job. Perhaps your job has nothing to do with why you are here and you are simply curious and want to be able to build your own web projects."
intro:
    heading: "What we cover in this course"
    text: "Throughout this course, we will be covering the three main technologies that power the front-end of the web: HTML, CSS and JavaScript."
technologies:
    - image: img/html.png
      text: "The 'skeleton' of any web page, HTML provides structure and hierarchy for our layouts."
    - image: img/css.png
      text: "We use CSS to control how our pages look and feel to our users. By the end of the course, you may just feel like a magician given the power of this language."
    - image: /img/JS-shield.png
      text: "Last, but certainly not least, JavaScript is the expressive, dynamic language that powers everything from interactions and animations to server-side code."
values:
    heading: Our values
    text: Coffee is an amazing part of human culture but it has a dark side too – one of colonialism and mindless abuse of natural resources and human lives. We want to turn this around and return the coffee trade to the drink’s exhilarating, empowering and unifying nature.
---
